Stop
Ning Yunyan, what are you doing?
No, I'm playing with him
He accidentally fell. I was just about to go
What do you think of your rhetoric?
Can you still deceive me?
No, listen to me, you are cloudy
You listen to me
I only think of you as the biological mother of the child
That was all.
If you dare to touch your cigarette again in the future
I won't let you go.
Good to know
Mr. Guo, you are always so noisy with Ning Yuanyuan
It's not a problem.
talkative
Ning Yuanyuan returns to the crew to film
Eighty percent forgot that today is his mother's birthday
Mom
Obviously, you are the lady who the Ning family strives for brightly
Now he is buried in this deserted mountain with no one to worship
Now I'm back.
I will definitely give you an explanation.
Let you be at peace